ACWT01a moderate
ACWT02a moderate
ACWT03a moderate
ACWT04a mild
ACWT05a moderate
ACWT07a mild
ACWT08a severe
ACWT09a mild
ACWT10a moderate
ACWT11a severe
ACWT12a mild
adler01a mild
adler02a moderate
adler03a mild
adler04a moderate
adler05a moderate
adler06a severe
adler07a mild
adler08a mild
adler09a mild
adler10a moderate
adler11a v_severe
adler12a mild
adler13a moderate
adler14a mild
adler15a moderate
adler16a moderate
adler17a mild
adler18a moderate
adler19a v_severe
adler20a mild
adler21a mild
adler22a mild
adler23a severe
adler24a mild
adler25a mild
BU01a mild
BU02a moderate
BU03a mild
BU04a mild
BU05a mild
BU06a mild
BU07a moderate
BU08a severe
BU09a moderate
BU10a moderate
BU11a unk
BU12a mild
cmu01a unk
cmu01b unk
cmu02a unk
cmu02b moderate
cmu03a mild
elman01a mild
elman01b mild
elman02a moderate
elman03a moderate
elman04a mild
elman05a mild
elman06a severe
elman07a moderate
elman08a severe
elman09a moderate
elman10a mild
elman11a moderate
elman11b mild
elman12a moderate
elman13a mild
elman14a moderate
elman15a mild
fridriksson03a severe
fridriksson04a mild
fridriksson05a mild
fridriksson06a severe
fridriksson07a mild
fridriksson09a mild
fridriksson10a moderate
fridriksson11a mild
fridriksson12a moderate
fridriksson13a moderate
kansas01a v_severe
kansas02a v_severe
kansas03a mild
kansas04a mild
kansas05a severe
kansas06a v_severe
kansas07a mild
kansas08a v_severe
kansas09a moderate
kansas10a moderate
kansas11a mild
kansas12a severe
kansas13a moderate
kansas14a moderate
kansas15a mild
kansas16a severe
kansas17a moderate
kansas18a mild
kansas19a mild
kansas20a moderate
kansas21a mild
kansas22a moderate
kansas23a moderate
kurland01a unk
kurland01b unk
kurland01c moderate
kurland01d moderate
kurland01e unk
kurland01f unk
kurland02a moderate
kurland02b moderate
kurland02c mild
kurland02d mild
kurland02e mild
kurland02f unk
kurland02g unk
kurland03a mild
kurland03b mild
kurland04a mild
kurland04b mild
kurland05a mild
kurland05b mild
kurland06a mild
kurland06b mild
kurland07a mild
kurland07b mild
kurland07c unk
kurland07d unk
kurland08a mild
kurland08b mild
kurland08c unk
kurland09a mild
kurland09b mild
kurland09c unk
kurland09d unk
kurland10a mild
kurland10b mild
kurland12a mild
kurland12b mild
kurland12c unk
kurland12d unk
kurland13a moderate
kurland13b moderate
kurland13c unk
kurland13d unk
kurland14a mild
kurland14b mild
kurland15a v_severe
kurland15b v_severe
kurland15c v_severe
kurland15d unk
kurland15e unk
kurland16a severe
kurland16b severe
kurland16c unk
kurland16d unk
kurland17a mild
kurland17b mild
kurland17c mild
kurland17d unk
kurland17e unk
kurland18a severe
kurland18b severe
kurland18c unk
kurland18d unk
kurland19a moderate
kurland19b moderate
kurland19c moderate
kurland19d unk
kurland19e unk
kurland20a moderate
kurland21a mild
kurland21b mild
kurland21c mild
kurland21d unk
kurland21e unk
kurland22a severe
kurland22b severe
kurland22c severe
kurland22d unk
kurland22e unk
kurland23a mild
kurland23b mild
kurland23c mild
kurland23d unk
kurland23e unk
kurland24a moderate
kurland24b moderate
kurland24c moderate
kurland24d unk
kurland24e unk
kurland25a mild
kurland25b mild
kurland25c mild
kurland25d unk
kurland25e unk
kurland26a mild
kurland26b mild
kurland26c mild
kurland26d unk
kurland27a moderate
kurland27b moderate
kurland27c moderate
kurland27d unk
kurland28a mild
kurland28b mild
kurland28c mild
kurland28d unk
kurland29a moderate
kurland29b moderate
kurland29c moderate
kurland29d unk
MSU01a mild
MSU01b mild
MSU02a mild
MSU02b mild
MSU03a moderate
MSU03b moderate
MSU04a mild
MSU04b mild
MSU05a moderate
MSU05b moderate
MSU06a mild
MSU06b mild
MSU07a moderate
MSU07b moderate
MSU08a moderate
MSU08b moderate
scale01a moderate
scale02a moderate
scale02b mild
scale03a severe
scale04a moderate
scale05a moderate
scale05b moderate
scale05c mild
scale06a mild
scale06b mild
scale06c mild
scale06d mild
scale07a v_severe
scale08a mild
scale09a v_severe
scale10a moderate
scale11a moderate
scale11b moderate
scale12a moderate
scale12b unk
scale12c mild
scale12d mild
scale13a moderate
scale14a moderate
scale14c moderate
scale15a moderate
scale15b moderate
scale15c moderate
scale15d mild
scale16a mild
scale17a mild
scale17c mild
scale18a moderate
scale18b moderate
scale18c moderate
scale18d mild
scale19a moderate
scale20a mild
scale21a mild
scale22a mild
scale23a moderate
scale24a severe
scale25a severe
scale26a moderate
scale27a severe
scale28a severe
scale30a moderate
scale30b moderate
star03a unk
tap01a unk
tap03a unk
tap04a unk
tap05a unk
tap06a unk
tap07a unk
tap08a unk
tap09a unk
tap10a unk
tap11a unk
tap12a unk
tap13a unk
tap14a unk
tap15a unk
tap16a unk
tap17a unk
tap18a unk
tap19a unk
tcu01a unk
tcu02b unk
tcu03a unk
tcu05a unk
tcu07a unk
tcu08a unk
tcu09a unk
tcu10b unk
thompson01a mild
thompson02a mild
thompson03a moderate
thompson04a moderate
thompson05a moderate
thompson06a mild
thompson07a mild
thompson07b mild
thompson07c mild
thompson08a mild
thompson09a mild
thompson10a mild
thompson11a mild
thompson12a mild
thompson13a mild
thompson14a mild
tucson01a mild
tucson02a severe
tucson03a severe
tucson04a mild
tucson06a mild
tucson06b mild
tucson07a moderate
tucson08a moderate
tucson08b mild
tucson09a moderate
tucson10a mild
tucson11a moderate
tucson12a severe
tucson13a moderate
tucson14a severe
tucson15a severe
tucson15b moderate
tucson16a mild
tucson17a unk
tucson18a mild
tucson19a severe
tucson20a mild
tucson22a moderate
whiteside01a mild
whiteside02a moderate
whiteside03a severe
whiteside04a severe
whiteside05a mild
whiteside06a mild
whiteside07a mild
whiteside08a moderate
whiteside09a mild
whiteside10a moderate
whiteside11a moderate
whiteside12a moderate
whiteside13a mild
whiteside14a moderate
whiteside15a moderate
whiteside16a moderate
whiteside17a mild
whiteside18a mild
whiteside19a mild
whiteside20a mild
williamson01a moderate
williamson02a mild
williamson03a moderate
williamson04a moderate
williamson05a mild
williamson06a moderate
williamson07a mild
williamson08a mild
williamson09a mild
williamson09b mild
williamson10a mild
williamson11a moderate
williamson12a moderate
williamson12b moderate
williamson13a mild
williamson14a mild
williamson14b mild
williamson15a mild
williamson16a moderate
williamson17a mild
williamson18a mild
williamson19a moderate
williamson21a severe
williamson22a unk
williamson23a severe
williamson24a moderate
wozniak01a mild
wozniak02a mild
wozniak03a moderate
wozniak04a mild
wozniak05a mild
wozniak06a mild
wozniak07a moderate
wright201a moderate
wright202a mild
wright203a mild
wright204a mild
wright205a moderate
wright206a moderate
wright207a moderate
capilouto01a control
capilouto02a control
capilouto03a control
capilouto04a control
capilouto05a control
capilouto06a control
capilouto07a control
capilouto08a control
capilouto09a control
capilouto10a control
capilouto11a control
capilouto12a control
capilouto13a control
capilouto14a control
capilouto15a control
capilouto16a control
capilouto17a control
capilouto18a control
capilouto19a control
capilouto20a control
capilouto21a control
capilouto22a control
capilouto23a control
capilouto24a control
capilouto25a control
capilouto26a control
capilouto27a control
capilouto28a control
capilouto29a control
capilouto30a control
capilouto31a control
capilouto32a control
capilouto33a control
capilouto34a control
capilouto35a control
capilouto36a control
capilouto37a control
capilouto38a control
capilouto39a control
capilouto40a control
capilouto41a control
capilouto42a control
capilouto43a control
capilouto44a control
capilouto45a control
capilouto46a control
capilouto47a control
capilouto48a control
capilouto49a control
capilouto50a control
capilouto51a control
capilouto52a control
capilouto53a control
capilouto54a control
capilouto55a control
capilouto56a control
capilouto57a control
capilouto58a control
capilouto59a control
capilouto60a control
capilouto61a control
capilouto62a control
capilouto63a control
capilouto64a control
capilouto65a control
capilouto66a control
capilouto67a control
capilouto68a control
capilouto77a control
capilouto78a control
capilouto79a control
capilouto80a control
MSUC01a control
MSUC01b control
MSUC02a control
MSUC02b control
MSUC03a control
MSUC03b control
MSUC04a control
MSUC04b control
MSUC05a control
MSUC05b control
MSUC06a control
MSUC06b control
MSUC07a control
MSUC07b control
MSUC08a control
MSUC08b control
MSUC09a control
MSUC09b control
wright01a control
wright02a control
wright03a control
wright04a control
wright05a control
wright06a control
wright07a control
wright08a control
wright09a control
wright100a control
wright101a control
wright102a control
wright10a control
wright11a control
wright12a control
wright13a control
wright14a control
wright15a control
wright16a control
wright17a control
wright18a control
wright19a control
wright20a control
wright21a control
wright22a control
wright23a control
wright24a control
wright25a control
wright26a control
wright27a control
wright28a control
wright29a control
wright30a control
wright31a control
wright32a control
wright33a control
wright34a control
wright35a control
wright36a control
wright37a control
wright38a control
wright39a control
wright40a control
wright42a control
wright43a control
wright45a control
wright46a control
wright47a control
wright48a control
wright49a control
wright50a control
wright51a control
wright52a control
wright53a control
wright55a control
wright57a control
wright58a control
wright59a control
wright60a control
wright61a control
wright62a control
wright63a control
wright64a control
wright65a control
wright66a control
wright67a control
wright68a control
wright69a control
wright70a control
wright71a control
wright72a control
wright73a control
wright74a control
wright75a control
wright77a control
wright78a control
wright79a control
wright80a control
wright81a control
wright82a control
wright83a control
wright84a control
wright85a control
wright86a control
wright87a control
wright88a control
wright89a control
wright90a control
wright91a control
wright92a control
wright93a control
wright94a control
wright95a control
wright96a control
wright97a control
wright98a control
wright99a control
