ACWT01a Broca
ACWT02a TransMotor
ACWT03a TransMotor
ACWT04a not aphasic
ACWT05a Broca
ACWT07a not aphasic
ACWT08a Broca
ACWT09a Conduction
ACWT10a Wernicke
ACWT11a Wernicke
ACWT12a Conduction
adler01a Anomic
adler02a Conduction
adler03a not aphasic
adler04a TransMotor 
adler05a Conduction
adler06a Wernicke
adler07a not aphasic
adler08a Anomic
adler09a Anomic
adler10a Broca
adler11a Broca
adler12a Anomic
adler13a Broca
adler14a Conduction
adler15a Conduction
adler16a Broca
adler17a Anomic
adler18a TransMotor
adler19a Broca
adler20a Anomic
adler21a Anomic
adler22a not aphasic
adler23a Wernicke
adler24a Anomic
adler25a Broca
BU01a Anomic 
BU02a TransMotor
BU03a Conduction
BU04a Anomic
BU05a Anomic 
BU06a Anomic 
BU07a Broca
BU08a Broca
BU09a Conduction
BU10a Wernicke
BU11a Anomic 
BU12a Anomic
cmu03a Anomic
elman01a Conduction
elman02a Conduction
elman03a Broca
elman04a not aphasic
elman05a Anomic
elman06a Broca
elman07a Anomic
elman08a Broca
elman09a Broca
elman10a Anomic
elman11a Broca
elman12a Wernicke
elman13a Anomic
elman14a Wernicke
elman15a Anomic
fridriksson01a Anomic
fridriksson02a Anomic
fridriksson03a Broca
fridriksson04a Anomic
fridriksson05a Anomic
fridriksson06a Conduction
fridriksson07a not aphasic
fridriksson09a Anomic
fridriksson10a Broca
fridriksson11a not aphasic
fridriksson12a Broca
fridriksson13a Conduction
garrett01a Wernicke
garrett02a Anomic
kansas01a Broca
kansas02a Broca
kansas03a not aphasic
kansas04a not aphasic
kansas05a Wernicke
kansas06a Broca
kansas07a not aphasic
kansas08a Broca
kansas09a Broca
kansas10a Conduction
kansas11a Anomic
kansas12a Wernicke
kansas13a Conduction
kansas14a Wernicke
kansas15a Anomic
kansas16a Broca
kansas17a TransMotor
kansas18a Anomic
kansas19a Anomic
kansas20a Conduction
kansas21a Conduction
kansas22a Conduction
kansas23a Wernicke
kempler02a Anomic
kempler03a Broca
kempler04a Broca
kurland02a Anomic
kurland03a Anomic
kurland04a not aphasic
kurland05a not aphasic
kurland06a not aphasic
kurland07a Anomic
kurland08a Anomic
kurland09a Anomic
kurland10a Anomic
kurland12a Anomic
kurland13a Broca
kurland14a Conduction
kurland15a Broca
kurland16a Wernicke
kurland17a Anomic
kurland18a Wernicke
kurland19a Broca
kurland20a Conduction
kurland21a Anomic
kurland22a Broca
kurland23a Conduction
kurland24a Broca
kurland25a Anomic
kurland26a Anomic
kurland27a Anomic
kurland28a Anomic
kurland29a Broca
MSU01a Anomic
MSU02a not aphasic
MSU03a Conduction
MSU04a Conduction
MSU05a Broca
MSU06a Anomic
MSU07a Broca
MSU08a Conduction
scale01a Broca
scale02a Anomic
scale03a Broca
scale04a Conduction
scale05a TransMotor
scale06a Conduction
scale07a Broca
scale08a Anomic
scale09a Global
scale10a Broca
scale11a Conduction
scale12a TransSensory
scale13a Conduction
scale14a Anomic
scale15a Conduction
scale16a not aphasic
scale17a Anomic
scale18a Broca
scale19a TransMotor
scale20a not aphasic
scale21a not aphasic
scale22a Anomic
scale23a Conduction
scale24a Wernicke
scale25a Broca
scale26a Broca
scale27a Broca
scale28a Broca
scale30a Anomic
scale31a Broca
scale32a Anomic
scale33a Broca
scale34a Anomic
scale35a Anomic
scale36a Broca
scale38a Wernicke
STAR03a Anomic
TAP01a Anomic
TAP02a Conduction
TAP03a Global
TAP04a Anomic
TAP05a Anomic
TAP06a Broca
TAP07a Conduction
TAP08a Anomic
TAP09a Global
TAP10a Conduction
TAP11a Broca
TAP12a Conduction
TAP13a Broca
TAP14a Broca
TAP15a Conduction
TAP16a Broca
TAP17a Broca
TAP18a Anomic
TAP19a Broca
TCU01a Anomic
TCU03a Broca
TCU05a Anomic
TCU07a Conduction
TCU08a Broca
TCU09a not aphasic
thompson01a Anomic
thompson02a Anomic
thompson03a Wernicke
thompson04a Anomic
thompson05a Wernicke
thompson06a Anomic
thompson07a Anomic
thompson08a Anomic
thompson09a TransMotor
thompson10a Anomic
thompson11a Anomic
thompson12a Anomic
thompson13a Anomic
thompson14a Anomic
tucson01a not aphasic
tucson02a Broca
tucson03a Wernicke
tucson04a not aphasic
tucson06a Anomic
tucson07a Anomic
tucson08a Conduction
tucson09a Broca
tucson10a Anomic
tucson11a Conduction
tucson12a Conduction
tucson13a Wernicke
tucson14a Broca
tucson15a Wernicke
tucson16a Anomic
tucson18a not aphasic
tucson19a Conduction
tucson20a Anomic
tucson22a TransMotor
UCL01a Conduction
UCL02a Wernicke
UCL03a Broca
UCL04a Anomic
MBA01a Anomic
MMA02a Anomic
MMA03a Anomic
MMA05a Anomic
MMA06a Broca
MMA08a Broca
MMA09a not aphasic
MMA10a Broca
MMA11a Anomic
MMA12a Anomic
MMA13a Conduction
MMA14a Broca
MMA15a Broca
MMA16a Wernicke
MMA17a Anomic
MMA18a Broca
MMA19a Conduction
MMA20a not aphasic
MMA21a Broca
MMA22a not aphasic
UNH01a not aphasic
UNH02a Broca
UNH03a Anomic
UNH04a Broca
UNH05a Anomic
UNH06a Conduction
UNH07a Broca
UNH08a Conduction
UNH09a Broca
UNH10a Broca
UNH11a Anomic
whiteside01a Anomic
whiteside02a Conduction
whiteside03a Broca
whiteside04a Broca
whiteside05a Conduction
whiteside06a Anomic
whiteside07a Anomic
whiteside08a Broca
whiteside09a Anomic
whiteside10a Wernicke
whiteside11a Broca
whiteside12a Broca
whiteside13a Anomic
whiteside14a Wernicke
whiteside15a Broca
whiteside16a Broca
whiteside17a not aphasic
whiteside18a not aphasic
whiteside19a Anomic
whiteside20a Conduction
williamson01a Conduction
williamson02a Anomic
williamson03a Conduction
williamson04a Conduction
williamson05a not aphasic
williamson06a Conduction
williamson07a Anomic
williamson08a Anomic
williamson09a Conduction
williamson10a not aphasic
williamson11a Conduction
williamson12a Broca
williamson13a not aphasic
williamson14a Conduction
williamson15a Anomic
williamson16a TransSensory
williamson17a Anomic
williamson18a Anomic
williamson19a Broca
williamson21a Global
williamson23a Wernicke
williamson24a Anomic
wozniak01a Anomic
wozniak02a Conduction
wozniak03a Conduction
wozniak04a Anomic
wozniak05a Anomic
wozniak06a not aphasic
wozniak07a Anomic
wright201a Broca
wright202a Anomic
wright203a Conduction
wright204a Anomic
wright205a Broca
wright206a Broca
wright207a Broca
cmu02b Broca
elman01b Conduction
elman11b Conduction
fridriksson03b Broca
fridriksson06b Broca
fridriksson08b Broca
fridriksson09b Anomic
fridriksson10b Broca
kurland01c Wernicke
kurland01d Wernicke
kurland02b Anomic
kurland02c Anomic
kurland02d Anomic
kurland02e Anomic
kurland03b Anomic
kurland04b not aphasic
kurland05b not aphasic
kurland06b not aphasic
kurland07b Anomic
kurland08b Anomic
kurland09b Anomic
kurland10b Anomic
kurland12b Anomic
kurland13b Broca
kurland14b Conduction
kurland15b Broca
kurland15c Broca
kurland16b Wernicke
kurland17b Anomic
kurland17c Anomic
kurland18b Wernicke
kurland19b Broca
kurland19c Broca
kurland21b Anomic
kurland21c Anomic
kurland22b Broca
kurland22c Broca
kurland23b Conduction
kurland23c Conduction
kurland24b Broca
kurland24c Broca
kurland25b Anomic
kurland25c Anomic
kurland26b Anomic
kurland26c Anomic
kurland27b Anomic
kurland27c Anomic
kurland28b Anomic
kurland28c Anomic
kurland29b Broca
kurland29c Broca
MSU01b Anomic
MSU02b not aphasic
MSU03b Conduction
MSU04b Conduction
MSU05b Broca
MSU06b Anomic
MSU07b Broca
MSU08b Conduction
scale02b Anomic
scale05b Anomic
scale05c Anomic
scale06b Conduction
scale06c Anomic
scale06d Wernicke
scale11b Wernicke
scale12c Anomic
scale12d Anomic
scale14c Anomic
scale15b Broca
scale15c Conduction
scale15d Conduction
scale17c Anomic
scale18b Broca
scale18c Broca
scale18d Conduction
scale30b Anomic
TCU02b Broca
TCU10b not aphasic
thompson07b Anomic
thompson07c Anomic
tucson06b not aphasic  
tucson08b Anomic
tucson15b Conduction
UNH01b not aphasic  
UNH01c not aphasic  
UNH02b Broca
UNH03b Anomic
UNH03c not aphasic
UNH04b Broca
UNH05b Anomic
UNH05c Anomic
UNH09b Broca
williamson09b Anomic
williamson12b Broca
williamson14b Anomic
